Allow disabling Authorization headers for bundle downloads (#174)
rauc/rauc-hawkbit-updater: docs/using.rst

it they are located in a directory belonging to the user executing
rauc-hawkbit-updater.

Disable authentication header for downloads
-------------------------------------------

> rauc-hawkbit-updater can download bundle from external storage (hawkbit provide
> the download url). rauc-hawkbit-update Native behavior is to provide
> authentication header like for other requests to DDI hawkbit API. But for some
> external bundle storage (like azure blob storage or aws s3), provide this
> header can cause an error AuthenticationFailed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
rauc-hawkbit-updater can download bundles from external storage (hawkBit
provides the download URL). rauc-hawkbit-updater's default behavior is to
provide authentication headers like for all other DDI API requests. When using
external bundle storage providers like Azure blob storage or AWS S3, sending of
authorization headers leads to errors and thus needs be disabled.
```

Author: done
